feat!: Customizable Slashing and Jailing (#2403)
cosmos/interchain-security: .changelog/unreleased/state-breaking/2403-customizable-slashing-jailing.md

> - Allow consumer chains to customize the slashing and jailing conditions. Every consumer chain can decide the punishment for every type of infraction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[x/provider]` Enable the customization of the slashing and jailing conditions for infractions committed by validators on consumer chains (as per [ADR 020](https://cosmos.github.io/interchain-security/adrs/adr-020-cutomizable_slashing_and_jailing)). Every consumer chain can decide the punishment for every type of infraction.
```

Author: fixed [69ec878](https://github.com/cosmos/interchain-security/pull/2403/commits/69ec878bb060642cd82ed11f3a9d7c8a04d2ebf3)
